# CSSE4010-Digital-System-Design
The objective of this course is to give the students the theoretical basis and practical skills in modern design of medium size digital systems in various technologies, with a focus on Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs). The design methodology, systematically introduced and used in the course, is based on simulation and synthesis with hardware description language (VHDL) tools. Topics covered in this course include: conceptual design step from requirements and specification to simulation and synthesis model in VHDL, design of complex controllers with Finite State Machines, design of sequential blocks with Controller-Datapath methodology, issues in design for testability, electrical and timing issues in logic and system design, overview of implementation technologies with emphasis on advances in FPGAs.

CSSE4010ﾠintroduces students to the concepts, methods and techniques of digital system design. You are going to learn modern digital design methods based on simulation, synthesis and test with VHDL hardware descriptionﾠlanguage. The emphasis is on your ability to solve medium size design problems, describe the solutions with VHDL, simulate, synthesize to Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) devices. Describing a digital system using a hardware description language such as VHDL (other commonly used languages include Verilog, System-Verilog, and different variants of C) can be very different to conventional programming of microcontrollers using C or assembly language. During the course, you will learn theoretical design techniques as well as implementing digital designs on FPGAs using Xilinx Vivado design tools and VHDL. You will also be introduced to some of the latest high-level synthesis and rapid prototyping tools which integrate Xilinx Vivado with other model based system design tools such as Matlab and Simulink allowing rapid prototyping of digital signal processing (DSP) systems on FPGAs.ﾠ

https://course-profiles.uq.edu.au/course-profiles/CSSE4010-61586-7460#course-overview
